If we can get our hands
on that huge amount of money…
We might be able
to make a deal with Lim Ji-rok,
who wants us dead.
That's right.
Then we will have the upper hand
in this damn game.
But how on earth
will we cut off the money?
I will go out there
and intercept the money.
Look, doctor.
You're talking absolute nonsense.
You know that, right?
An Gyeong-hui is the Chief of the OPC
and in charge of the money.
And you'll take it from him?
As you all know,
I can find out
Nam Tae-il's real intentions if I want.
He's the ruling party's secretary-general
and the former ANSP director.
I'm sure he knows inside out how much
is supposed to be paid to the North
and how it's managed.
Besides, An's wife and I are acquainted.
But will it be enough to make it work?
An's wife is quite easy to handle
because she's very greedy.
And she has a head for managing money,
so she has complete control
over her husband when it comes to money.
That's true. An made quite big money
by using the ANSP's
secret fund as his wife said.
I heard him boasting about it.
I'll go out and intercept the money.
As long as the money is our possession,
they can never set off the bombs.
Can I have a word?
I found it weird when she suggested the
dynamite bit. This is what she was after.
Can't you see what she's up to?
She wants to get out of here.
If that was her goal,
she would've told Nam Tae-il.
That the dynamite
and detonator were dummies.
Then they would've killed
all the hostages who know she's a spy.
She helped us instead,
but you're suspecting her?
Fine.
Let's say I'm convinced and we trust her.
How will she intercept that huge money?
You think it's even possible?
Don't underestimate what she's capable of.
All right, fine.
Let's say
our great Comrade Kang intercepts
that large amount of money.
She's coming back here with it?
Do you believe that?
Or are you pretending to?
Whichever the case,
do you have any other plan?
As soon as she gets out--
As soon as she gets out of here,
they'll blow the dorm up.
We'll stop Nam from doing that.
How?
How will you?
Tell Eun's wife that Nam's the one
who got Eun shot right now.
And that he's planning
to blow up this dorm.
She'll stop it since her daughter's here.
As you say,
even if Kang doesn't come back here,
I have no choice but to bet on this plan.
If we do nothing,
we have no chance of getting out alive.
But with this plan,
we have a 50-50 chance.
So we have
a 50-50 chance?
Fine.
Han-na.
Han-na, do you copy?
Tell Director Eun's wife this right away.
VIP WARD
Excuse me.
How can I get to the VIP ward?
-The VIP ward?
-You're looking for the VIP ward?